What Destroys Your Smash (3) Taking it above your head (The highest point)
I know many players are trying to hit
their smash at the highest point
and because of that
their power is lost 30-40 percent
their control, direction becomes poor
ok this what the players are trying to do
ok they have been told
they have been heard
the shuttlecock must be hit at the highest point
the highest point to me
for smash is here
here
please watch my hitting action
so I am trying to hit the highest point
so my power goes up
please remember I am not hitting shuttlecock
to the ceiling
where am I hitting the shuttlecock
I am hitting the shuttlecock to forward
so accurately the impact point must be in front of my body
so my arm must not be stretched vertically upwards
my arm must be stretched forward
that way
not that way
watch with shuttlecock
I am trying to hit shuttlecock at the highest point
so my power goes that way
there are many problems
number 1
I lose power because my arm moves up
my eyes has to go up so I lose vision
after I hit like that
my weight is center
so I lose recovery
my ready for the next shot is slow
because I hit like this
now compare
so same
same
it should be there
there
I have to move
impact point should be
there
not
so the players
the beginners
newly coming to badminton
and some advanced player in the club
telling them
you must take shuttlecock highest as you can
so they heard that
with out thinking of course
they cannot
because they are beginners
they have no idea
so they just try to hit like this
they look high
and they go up like this
and I met many players like that
and their smash, clear, dropshot
all of them
completely ruined
impact point must be in front of my body
not above my head
not there
it has to be there
CoachingBadminton.com